back for this afternoon and top-class
sporting action coming up as we go back
to Seoul to bring you more highlights
from the Olympics after the break if you
regularly page the Oracle which aspects
of the teletext service do you find most
useful and which could be improved the
independent Broadcasting Authority would
like to hear your views and suggestions
please write for a background leaflet to
the informational office 70 Brompton
Road London SW 3 1 ey or telephone oh
one five eight four seven o double one
on TV s the new entertainment for
Tuesday nights features a bizarre
challenge to prove it at 6:30 with Chris
Tarrant out to egg on eccentric
exhibitionism button strike it lucky at
7:00 it's Michael Barrymore who's back
bending those funny bones later at 8:30
airplane crashes through the clouds
chaos and calamity from cockpit through
to cabin a triple tree took new fun
that's Tuesday night here on CBS
this is TV s next this afternoon as
promised top class sport from Seoul with
the Olympics